add st entry (#9599)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-platform-release-notes-gen.md

Release notes are grouped by date for single-tenant environments.

## July 13, 2026

## Behavior change

### Billing

> - **Billing email alerts**: You’ll now receive email alerts when you’re drawing down on your consumption &mdash; whether that’s from models built or newer consumption features like dbt State. This is due to improving how we manage billing alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved billing email alerts**: You’ll now receive email alerts when you’re drawing down on your consumption &mdash; whether that’s from models built or newer consumption features like dbt State.
```
